# CHECK IF STACK.py WAS DELETED FROM THE dota2-settings folder at the home pc after syncing.

d2_func.save_settings should yield, i loop once over all the changed elements, if that order is sequential than i
can just yield instead of having to search the entire

Testing normal settings for edits - seems good, could also add or remove tabs if the changes are greater or less than 4 charsI
Testing Ignoring - seems good, can edit when ignored or unignored

Saving Hotkeys
	Without rempa field 							- good!
	With empty remap field, changing dota hk only	- good!
	With remap field, adding a remap key			- good!
	With remap field, editing a remap key			- good!
	With rempap field, editing a dota hk			- good!
	
													- alt key remaps to ralt - TBD fix the distinctuion between alt_r and alt_l etc depends if valve has a distinction!
													- cases are being changed in ahk file..  (is it a problem?)
Make a key disabler
	- bind into the hooks to give feedback why a hotkey is failing to be added
	- build a mechanism to force required keys, either to error out on save, or to be like dota, reset to previous key or sth
	
hp toggle	- on adding new have to create the text load block that is getting pointed to
	- Adding new hero						- good
	- Removing a hero 						- good
	- Changing bind key						- good , on laptop shift fn does KP in caps, not a problem!
	- Changing Toggle hotkey				- good

Courier Message 							- good

Test binds for quote right, minus etc..

Work my program into it better,

Documentation

Hot key grabber picks up numkeys as CAPS ninstea of lowercase, see if its a problem for valve or not


Tesint - Testing mode, spawn creatures etc 

delete script
edit script
create new script

heroes,
settings
items

bind key, script 


weird bug, when changing a hotkeyrabber to ttk.hotkeygrabnber get silence crash of that tab

--------------- app deployment

ask for folder to store the stuff in, 
prompt for steam folder - all settings read from there
prompt for a) to prompt for permissions to save in the folder, or b) a  folder to export to that doesnt requrie permissions - then tell them each time to move them in to the folder

prompt to install ahk


